Add new resource & data source: azurerm_powerbi_embedded (#5152)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/powerbidedicated_capacity.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "PowerBIDedicated"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_powerbidedicated_capacity"
sidebar_current: "docs-azurerm-resource-powerbidedicated-capacity"
description: |-

>   Manages a PowerBIDedicated Capacity.

Author: It seems that I cannot rename this description as what you suggested since this resource is to create capacity which is the feature of the power bi dedicated.

---

# azurerm_powerbidedicated_capacity

> Manages a PowerBIDedicated Capacity.

Author: It seems that I cannot rename this description as what you suggested since this resource is to create capacity which is the feature of the power bi dedicated.
See more details from here:
Tutorial: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/power-bi-embedded/
Rest api: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/power-bi-embedded/capacities/create
azure-rest-api-spec: https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/master/specification/powerbidedicated/resource-manager/Microsoft.PowerBIdedicated/stable/2017-10-01/powerbidedicated.json

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_powerbidedicated_capacity" "example" {
  name                = "example-powerbidedicatedcapacity"
  location            = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.location}"
  resource_group_name = "${azurerm_resource_group.example.name}"
  sku                 = "A1"
  administrators      = ["azsdktest@microsoft.com"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the PowerBIDedicated Capacity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this PowerBI Dedicated instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: It seems that I cannot rename this description as what you suggested since this resource is to create capacity which is the feature of the power bi dedicated.
See more details from here:
Tutorial: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/power-bi-embedded/
Rest api: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/power-bi-embedded/capacities/create
azure-rest-api-spec: https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/master/specification/powerbidedicated/resource-manager/Microsoft.PowerBIdedicated/stable/2017-10-01/powerbidedicated.json

> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group where the PowerBIDedicated Capacity should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the PowerBI Dedicated instance should be created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: It seems that I cannot rename this description as what you suggested since this resource is to create capacity which is the feature of the power bi dedicated.
See more details from here:
Tutorial: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/power-bi-embedded/
Rest api: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/power-bi-embedded/capacities/create
azure-rest-api-spec: https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/master/specification/powerbidedicated/resource-manager/Microsoft.PowerBIdedicated/stable/2017-10-01/powerbidedicated.json

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `sku` - (Required) The SKU of the PowerBIDedicated Capacity. Valid values include `A1`, `A2`, `A3`, `A4`, `A5` or `A6`.

Reviewer: can we update this text to match the text used in other resources?

Author: fixed

> * `administrators` - (Required) A set of administrator user identities.

Reviewer: what does this mean?

Author: It means a set of administrator user identities, which manages the capacity in Power BI and must be a member user or a service principal in your AAD tenant. I also updated in doc.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

> * `id` - The ID of the PowerBIDedicated Capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the PowerBI Dedicated instance.
```

Author: It seems that I cannot rename this description as what you suggested since this resource is to create capacity which is the feature of the power bi dedicated.
See more details from here:
Tutorial: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/power-bi-embedded/
Rest api: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/power-bi-embedded/capacities/create
azure-rest-api-spec: https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/master/specification/powerbidedicated/resource-manager/Microsoft.PowerBIdedicated/stable/2017-10-01/powerbidedicated.json

## Import

> PowerBIDedicated Capacities can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PowerBI Dedicated instances can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```

Author: It seems that I cannot rename this description as what you suggested since this resource is to create capacity which is the feature of the power bi dedicated.
See more details from here:
Tutorial: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/power-bi-embedded/
Rest api: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/power-bi-embedded/capacities/create
azure-rest-api-spec: https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/master/specification/powerbidedicated/resource-manager/Microsoft.PowerBIdedicated/stable/2017-10-01/powerbidedicated.json
